1) registration will done by the phone number
2) the user choose the certain distance (radius) of the available cars
3)
4) if the user cancels the reservations before 1 hour the user has to be charged for 50 cents.
5) the charging will start after the car unlocks
6) 
7) system should continue charging until she parked and get off.
the driver may want to drop by a supermarket and do some shopping so after this period should the driver reserve the car again or
there should be an option of "end the trip" or "wait me" (charging continues)
????????? ASK TO THE PROFESSOR ???????????
8) you can not log out during the trip but you can close it.

a) the driver (user) can have a discount if the other two passengers are also using the application.
their gps or bluetooth has to be checked if they are with the driver at the start and also at the end of the trip.
or we can use a weight sensor or position sensor. ?????????? ASK TO THE PROFESSOR ???????????
b) after system locks the car at the end of the drive, system should check the battery
c) Special parking areas must be defined in the system.
If trip is ended in recharge area that is in a safe area the user may recharge the car,
if he does, the systems detects the recharging and apply a discount.
d)
e) What property should a station have? (Both plugs and parking areas) Have to check the availabilty of the plugs?
????????? ASK TO THE PROFESSOR ???????????

*** The payments should be made after 30 mins of the end of the trip. For security. ***
*** The user can able to see the estimated distance that car can make. ***
*** What if no one recharge it, who will recharge it? Cars send a message when their battery is about to die(under 20 percent)
After that the employees take it to the recharge area and plug it.
Do we have to write or add a use case for this. ????????? ASK TO THE PROFESSOR ???????????

Upper Management - Employee - User (Are we going to consider only the User part)
Should we write a use case for plug status of the station? ????????? ASK TO THE PROFESSOR ???????????

Payment option is credit card or debit(block user until the money arrives). 
